lights camera eternal youth when you
look at some celebrities you can't help
but wonder are they drinking the elixir
of youth because they look way younger
than they really are some of these stars
are actually 10 or even 20 years older
than you probably thought like number
one Jim Parsons the famous actor who
portrays Sheldon in the hit TV show The
Big Bang Theory started working on the
project when he was already 33 well 12
years later it seems like he hasn't aged
one bit since that his face is seemingly
free of wrinkles and he can easily pass
for a twenty-something I have no clue
what his secret to looking so young is
but it's definitely working number two
Jared Leto you may know him as the lead
singer of the band thirty Seconds to
Mars
or as the actor whose stunning
performance in the Dallas buyers club
won him an Oscar but it's not only his
talent that leaves his fans in awe it's
the fact that this man does not look 47
years old he puts his youthful
appearance down to his vegan diet and
complete abstinence from alcohol number
three Reese Witherspoon it's been 18
years since the release of Legally
Blonde and Reese Witherspoon recently
announced that she's currently working
on Legally Blonde 3 yes but how on earth
this woman looks exactly the same as she
did back in 2001 is beyond me
turning 43 this year the actress still
has that youthful glow and looks more
like her 19 year old daughter's older
sister number 4 Salma Hayek this
beautiful actress is already 52 years
old but it's definitely hard to believe
her skin is still radiant and it seems
like she hasn't changed that much since
performing that iconic dance in the cult
movie from dusk till dawn
Hayek admits that she never washes her
face in the morning and this helps her
look younger hmm so that's the secret a
number 5 Halle Berry here's a great
example proving that regular physical
exercise and keeping a strict diet
work miracles but the actress is
motivated to maintain a healthy
lifestyle not only because she wants to
look young forever but because of her
diabetes
I guess that gorgeous appearance is a
bonus Halle Berry is 52 years old and as
fit and beautiful as ever
number six Ellen Page we all know her
from her breakout role as a cute and
confused teen in the movie Juno
well that was 12 years ago feeling old
yet anyway
Ellen Page recently celebrated her 32nd
birthday but she could still pass for a
high schooler perhaps it's her cool
casual style or the fact that she
doesn't wear makeup beats me number
seven Miranda Kerr
she got famous in the modeling world
back in 2006 becoming the first
Australian Victoria's Secret Angel and
13 years later the supermodel with big
blue eyes and cute dimples still looks
as fresh as during her first catwalks
her sophisticated yet innocent
appearance isn't affected by time and
that's why this 35 year old beauty
remains one of the most sought after
models in the industry
number 8 Thomas Sangster his roles in
the fantasy drama Game of Thrones and
2014's the Maze Runner brought him real
Fame but remember that adorable little
boy from the movie Love Actually yeah
that's him it's not that hard to
recognize him because he still looks
like a kid although he's turning 29 this
year the actor admits that he tries to
escape that teenage image but well let's
agree it's hard to do that with such a
youthful looking face number 9 Cindy
Crawford this legendary American model
and actress recently turned 53 and her
stunning appearance keeps amazing her
fans and it's hard to believe that this
fashion icon has a 17 year old daughter
now in an interview with Vogue magazine
she revealed some of her secrets for
eternal youth she says she tries to stay
fit and healthy by hiking drinking
nutrient-rich smoothies and using sun
protection at all times just like that
number 10 Michelle Pfeiffer
this undeniably gorgeous woman proves
that aging gracefully is a real thing
Pfeiffer says that she stopped worrying
about her age and instead decided to
embrace all physical changes because we
all get older and that's totally fine
the actress simply looks incredible and
it's hard to guess how old she is you
might think that she's in her 40s but
she'll be 61 next month
number 11 Keanu Reeves somehow Reeves
has managed to seemingly defy the aging
process throughout his entire 35-year
career that's no easy feat considering
being in the public eye 24/7 is
stressful his youthful looks have given
life to rumors that he's actually
immortal yeah there's even a website
dedicated to this theory jokes aside
this man does know how to look
astonishing at 54 number 12
Cher remember her song if I could turn
back time well I'm starting to think
that cher actually can control time or
at least stop it from aging her the
music legend has been on the stage for
over 50 years and doesn't plan on
stopping anytime soon she took part in
the 2018 musical comedy Mamma Mia here
we go again
and kicked off a concert tour in 2019
cher definitely has a lot of energy for
a 72 year old beauty number 13 Christie
Brinkley the famous American model
defies traditional concepts of age and
beauty being 65 she knows how to
maintain her stunning appearance her
greatest helper with that is Fitness she
works out almost every day a lot of
young women even envied her beautifully
fit figure when she's around her
grown-up daughters it's hard to believe
she's older than them number 14 Jane
Fonda she's a real legend in the film
industry at 81 years old
the actress still looks simply marvelous
she also stays active believing this is
the only way to keep father time at bay
she recently finished working on the
fifth season of the popular Netflix
sitcom Grace and Frankie and in 2018 her
fans enjoyed her perfect acting skill
in the comedy book club number 15 theme
on the former catwalk queen who hails
from Somalia has to have some tricks up
her sleeve because I mean it's obvious
the muse of famous designers like
Versace Calvin Klein and Eve sailor on
is already 63 but she's barely changed
over the years
although David Bowie's Widow confessed
that she started working out and paying
more attention to her diet only after
the end of her modeling career nice to
know it's never too late
number 16 Sandra Bullock it's hard to
believe what Sandra Bullock has been
making movies since 1987 she's always
done her best to keep her good looks by
being really committed to her exercise
routine and healthy eating habits she
does allow herself to have one cheat day
during the week though in 2015
Bullock was dubbed the most beautiful
woman by People magazine but wait for it
she was already 51 at that time the
movie star knows for sure how to impress
everyone with her looks regardless of
her age number 17 Heidi Klum at 45 years
old Klum is still rocking it in the
modeling industry and believes that
beauty doesn't have an expiration date
with just one look at her you'll totally
agree Heidi Klum couldn't care less that
some think it's time for her to step
away from her career or that she and her
29 year old fiance musician Tom Kaulitz
have such a big age difference yes for
this beauty age really isn't anything
but a number number 18 Pharrell Williams
how is this man managed to defy the
years that's the question on everybody's
mind in an interview with Dazed magazine
he revealed some of his secrets that
helped him stay youthful Williams is
serious about his skincare routine and
visits dermatologists regularly
following the advice of well-known
supermodel Naomi Campbell well all those
efforts are definitely paying off
because most people have a hard time
guessing his age which is 45 number 19
Gwen Stefani
if you didn't know who she was you might
think that gwen stefani is just a girl
in her 20s see what I did there but in
fact the singer is 49 years old her
music career started back in 1986 with
her famous band no doubt but she still
has the same toned body and rocks that
iconic red lipstick proving that time
has no power over her number 20 Andie
MacDowell the actress is a huge
inspiration to anyone who's a bit scared
of getting old always elegant and
stylish Andie MacDowell simply looks
irresistible even with minimal makeup at
age 60 it seems like she hasn't aged a
day
since he appeared in the movie Four
Weddings and a funeral way back in 1994
and it's no wonder she still gets
modeling and acting gigs to this day so
who's your favorite celebrity let
everybody know in the comments below
don't forget to give this video a like
share it with your friends and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]